.TH Backup 1 "27 October 2019" "version 1.0"
.SH NAME
Backup. Backup files between Veracrypt container and encrypted partition.
.SH SYNOPSIS
Usage : ./backup.sh [-h] -c CONTAINERFILE -p PARTITIONFILE -f (container|partition) -t (partition|container) [-s]
.PP
.B -h
Print the help and quit the program.
.PP
.B -c CONTAINERFILE
Takes the
.B CONTAINERFILE
as the Veracrypt container file. This option is
.B mandatory.
.PP
.B -p PARTITIONFILE
Takes the
.B PARTITIONFILE
as the partition path. This option is
.B mandatory.
.PP
.B -f (container|partition)
Declare the source (FROM) of the backup as either the Veracrypt container or the partition.
This option is
.B mandatory.
.PP
.B -t (partition|container)
Declare the destination (TO) of the backup as either the Veracrypt container or the partition.
This option is
.B mandatory.
.PP
.B -s
Creates a tar.gz compressed archive instead of copying the directory
.PP
.SH EXAMPLES
.B ./backup.sh -h\t
Print the help
.PP
.B ./backup.sh -c /home/jp/container -p /dev/sda9 -f container -t partition\t
Copy the contents of the Veracrypt container located in /home/jp/container into the encrypted /dev/sda9 partition.
.PP
.B ./backup.sh -p /dev/sdb5 -c /media/container -f partition -t container -s\t
Creates a tar.gz archive of the partition /dev/sdb5 and put it inside the Veracrypt container located in /media/container
.PP
.SH SEE ALSO
.B cryptsetup
.PP
.B veracrypt
.PP
.B rsync
.PP
.B tar
.PP
.SH SIGNALS
Try SIGUSR1 or SIGUSR2, fun times.
.SH BUGS
None. (yet...)
.SH AUTHOR
Pablo Bondia-Luttiau, Daël Mombo-Mombo
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright © 2019 Free Software Foundation, Inc.  License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
       This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.  There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
